<!-- start slipsum code -->

Well, the way they make shows is, they make one show. That show's called a
pilot. Then they show that show to the people who make shows, and on the
strength of that one show they decide if they're going to make more shows.
Some pilots get picked and become television programs. Some don't, become
nothing. She starred in one of the ones that became nothing.

Now that there is the Tec-9, a crappy spray gun from South Miami. This gun is
advertised as the most popular gun in American crime. Do you believe that
shit? It actually says that in the little book that comes with it: the most
popular gun in American crime. Like they're actually proud of that shit. 

Now that there is the Tec-9, a crappy spray gun from South Miami. This gun is
advertised as the most popular gun in American crime. Do you believe that
shit? It actually says that in the little book that comes with it: the most
popular gun in American crime. Like they're actually proud of that shit. 

My money's in that office, right? If she start giving me some bullshit about
it ain't there, and we got to go someplace else and get it, I'm gonna shoot
you in the head then and there. Then I'm gonna shoot that bitch in the
kneecaps, find out where my goddamn money is. She gonna tell me too. Hey, look
at me when I'm talking to you, motherfucker. You listen: we go in there, and
that nigga Winston or anybody else is in there, you the first motherfucker to
get shot. You understand?

Do you see any Teletubbies in here? Do you see a slender plastic tag clipped
to my shirt with my name printed on it? Do you see a little Asian child with a
blank expression on his face sitting outside on a mechanical helicopter that
shakes when you put quarters in it? No? Well, that's what you see at a toy
store. And you must think you're in a toy store, because you're here shopping
for an infant named Jeb.

Normally, both your asses would be dead as fucking fried chicken, but you
happen to pull this shit while I'm in a transitional period so I don't wanna
kill you, I wanna help you. But I can't give you this case, it don't belong to
me. Besides, I've already been through too much shit this morning over this
case to hand it over to your dumb ass.

<!-- end slipsum code -->
<!-- start slipsum code -->

Well, the way they make shows is, they make one show. That show's called a
pilot. Then they show that show to the people who make shows, and on the
strength of that one show they decide if they're going to make more shows.
Some pilots get picked and become television programs. Some don't, become
nothing. She starred in one of the ones that became nothing.

Now that there is the Tec-9, a crappy spray gun from South Miami. This gun is
advertised as the most popular gun in American crime. Do you believe that
shit? It actually says that in the little book that comes with it: the most
popular gun in American crime. Like they're actually proud of that shit. 

Now that there is the Tec-9, a crappy spray gun from South Miami. This gun is
advertised as the most popular gun in American crime. Do you believe that
shit? It actually says that in the little book that comes with it: the most
popular gun in American crime. Like they're actually proud of that shit. 

<!-- end slipsum code -->
